# August 27, 2018 Retrospective 

## What went well

* Everything, according to Nick
* Lots of tasks closed, narrowed down the release/handoff blockers
* Differentiating the handoff vs the release has helped in dealing with UCOM
* Liz >> Thad
* Collaboration, team covfefesion
* QA discussion/Summit; Nick loves summits
* Sangria on Friday
* Walking in general, walking 1:1
* Max is good, Max is great. Him's a good pupper.
* This is in github

## What didn't go well

* Working with the "network team" is Siriusly challenging
* Unintentionally setting expectations with UCOM 
* Communication
* Reading out loud
* Badges stopped working randomly
* UCOM flip-flopping/Difficulty in collaboration
* Noise on the first floor

## Action items

### Last Time

- [x] Christian needs to make a move on DrupalCorn/ask about training budget
  * DrupalCorn is a go, DrupalCon is a maybe not
- [x] Kikki will re-evaluate Dev 2.0 workflow, possibly implement a Question tag/folder in Wrike
  * Workflow altered, tags/folders for questions have been created (Question for Devs/Question for UCOM)
- [x] Christian will communicate to UCOM about Kasey's role as PO/the 1:1 ticket:UCOM
  * They loved it, except for what they didn't love
- [x] Nick is going to brag on our workflow
  * He talked about it to a lot of people

### This Time

* Nick and Christian will set a meeting and discuss training plans
* Testing tickets should explicitly state whether or not a dev will sit in with UCOM while they test
* Have a discussion/set a short meeting if there is miscommunication
* Christian will be a middle man-ager between devs and UCOM and discuss the point of contact with Kari
* Christian will follow up with Kari on first floor noise levels
